## Introduction

Proper documentation is in the file. Run this with a Turing version from 2008.

## PROGRAM DESCRIPTION:                                                          
                                                                                
This program will import Turing's GUI and create a menu that the user    
can interact with. The first screen shown when ran is the title screen   
of the game. There are several tabs the user can choose from in the      
dropdown menu at the top of the screen. The new game button will allow   
the user to change the default settings such as the size of the paddle,  
the amount of games that be played, the size of the ball, and the size   
of the power ups. The Help and About menus' only purpose is to inform    
the user about the controls and the credits.                             
                                                                                
When the user selects the New Game button, the user will be prompted for 
Player 1's name and Player 2's name. As soon as the names are inputted,  
the user will be immediately put into the main game play. The default    
rounds the players will play will be 10 rounds each. The first player    
who scores 10 points will end the game. After the game has ended, the    
result will be saved to a disk and pulled up from the Records menu. Then 
the user will be put back into the main screen and the program will wait 
more commands.                                                           
                                                                                
When the user selects the Settings button, the program will display the  
current game settings. Then the user will be asked to make changes to    
any to these settings. Several settings involves the size of paddle, the 
amount of games that they will play, the size of the ball as well as the 
size of power ups.                                                       
                                                                                
When the user selects the Help button, the user will be told the         
commands of the game as well as the objective. The user will also be     
informed of what of what possible power ups are available in the game.   
                                                                                
When the user selects the About King Pong button, the user will be       
shown the credits to this program. This will also serve as a             
bibliography as well as give credits to people who have helped on this   
program.                                                                 
                                                                                
When the user selects the Quit button, the program will obviously exit   
the program. The command "GUI.Quit" will be used, but the window will    
also be destroyed, causing a more effective quit button.                 
